blackberry abusers welcome back to
another one of my videos I will show you
the operating system five-point off on
the blackberry storm I'll try to pawn
visit and um it has pretty specific
details on it now you almost everything
you see is clickable on the screens
likessee decline thank you computer you
can see I click on the signal and it'll
give me this see I'll click on the Amba
on the clock and it'll show up this and
all this has been clickable what I like
about it also is on the special detail
effects that it has I'm gonna press the
blackberry option button and the man is
going to pop up through the center so
you see that and also it does on reverse
so all right again now we'll show you
the via back now as you can see right
there five point no point i'll put 140
and then it's really pretty great also
before you i made a video of how to
install it and everything but uh
unfortunately or ichi doesn't doesn't
allow me to upload it i don't know for
what reason but i'm going to have our
instructions on the sidebar every
specific detail of it it's pretty easy
simple simple as her but uh it's just a
double DDT d and upgrade and um it's
pretty simple it's as simple as it
sounds so let me see what I was having
to be back by messenger you if you have
this it will be deleted I will have a
link on cyber also i will recommend for
you to email this to your to your
blackberry email that you have assigned
to it for you to just get the OTA and
download from your from your mobile
device and also let's change this the
texting the texting has gotten better
and let me show you what I mean get a
friend let me get a friend we get a
friend
really ok now Franco really uh they hit
a long bitch they handle bitch hope you
can see that come on focus focus camera
let me focus on my camera there you go
play here the bitch see that now what it
does is also let lets me use this
remember the old one has a big square oh
this one has a little square it's pretty
simple easy to use easy to detect
whatever you want to erase our
everything etc and I what I like about
this is whenever you get in the new new
message or something it won't show
unless you go up so I'm just going to go
up and it'll be here right but um in
even on the message and the on the text
messages there are specific detail
effects that you will see also we have
games they will be erased applications
of you won't be able to use facebook
that's the only thing no facebook and on
myspace funny but you will be able to
use myspace on the web browser which is
better for me you know all your content
will be deleted so make sure you you
backup your files and everything this
one goes up or not actually there's no
data let me show you the layout it's
called today this layout is pretty good
today you see the save it this is a
layup that it's pretty equal pretty neat
I got a text from Willie let's see what
he has to say Charlie okay just wait for
my brother to stop playing fifa
I did do imma take a shower then I do
dramatic javelin did you send it should
it's pretty faster for me if I press two
times the blackberry my brothers playing
hail is lagging because I'm making the
video are you anyways we're going to see
the video later and say oh what's pull
you making the video josue you
I'm like yeah you alright so
that's pretty much it do down I can't
really show everything else because I'm
the time of this thingy if YouTube in
the future let's me up upload
via the other video of how i upgrade it
it'll be simple and easier for you guys
but I have everything provided for you
on the sidebar I will have everything
provided for you on the sidebar and
everything in case you guys want to what
we're going for and everything but um if
you guys have any questions for any or
anything at all just so you can message
me out of this blackberry messenger my
pin number let me give you guys my pin
also look you can detect other people by
this it's pretty cool it's been the e
you actually get you on your own bar
code for people just to take you
ok so there's my pin its sturdy 56 e 0 c
9 ok i'll also have that right down on
the sidebar everything for you guys to
contact me or into oak tree so I guess
I'll be on my way ok Trudy yeah ok so
I'll be on my way guys so thank you for
watching